**Privacy Policy**

The bustake.com website as a Commercial website. This SERVICES are provided such as the booking service by bustake.com and are intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that We collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at bustake.com unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. The information that We request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.


**Google Calendar Data**

We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service,  The website collect data and information (through Google API) of Calendar Data. This Data may include information such as the calendar events when utilizing the Service, the time and date of your use of the Service. These Google Calendar Data is integrated with our service such as the booking service.


**Security**

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Links to Other Sites**

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.


**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2021-09-17

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at benbustake@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)